Okay my friends.
So we just cover the data depressing part and we cover it in a flashlight thanks to our data depressing
template and now we're about to really build and train the simple in our regression model on the training
set of course.
Right.
Remember that we split it the data sets into the training set and it set the training set will be used
to train are simple in a regression model and the test will be used to evaluate it.
So now we have to start with the training.
And so there we go.
Let's create a new coat cell and let's implement the very simple linear regression model.
All right.
So the first thing we'll have to do is to import the right class with which we're gonna build this simple
linear regression model because indeed we could either implement it from scratch or we could use libraries.
And of course we're gonna use libraries because I want to provide a very clear code template which allows
you to build any simple in a regression models and a flashlight and this library that we're going to
use is psychic learn from which we're going to get access to a certain module called linear moral and
from this module we're gonna call a certain class called linear regression and our simple linear regression
model which we're gonna build will be exactly an instance of this class right.
It will be an object of this class.
All right so let's do this.
Let's start by importing from you know from the psychic learn library which has the code name as K learn
so from a scalar and then as we said we're gonna get access to a CERN module.
So we had to add a dot here and which is linear model and from this lunar module of the Sagan library.
Well we're going to import that linear regression class exactly this one linear regression.
And then as we said this simple linear regression more which we're going to build will be an instance
or an object of this linear regression class and therefore here we have to create a new horrible which
will be exactly this instance of the linear regression class and we're going to call this object we
can call it by any name but we're going to call it regress or because indeed we are doing right now
regression.
Right.
I remind the big difference between regression and classification regression is when you have to predict
a continuous real value like a salary as we're about to do and the classification is when you have to
predict a category or you know a class which will we'll do in part 3 classification.
All right.
So regress or that's a new variable which at the same time will become the object of the linear regression
class and you can exactly see this object as the linear regression model itself.
You know I remind that a class allows you to implement a couple of instructions to build something and
well this linear regression class built exactly this simple in a regression model.
All right so you have to see this regress or object as exactly this model right a regression then to
create an objective a class where there is nothing more simple you just have to call the class itself
linear regression and then add some parentheses and that's it.
Usually there are some parameters inside that we can implement but here you have to enter anything.
This will just create a simple inner regression model and it is so simple that usually we don't have
to play too much with the parameters.
All right.
And that line of code directly creates the simple linear regression model.
And that's only the building part.
You know we actually get a model but now of course we had to train it on the training set and therefore
we have to connect it in some way to the training set and the action or you know the function that connects
it in order to train it is called the Fit function.
And that's exactly our next up here to proceed to the training.
Remember this because you know this is your first machinery model so this is the first time you're going
to use this fit method and then you're gonna see you're going to use it all the time whether you're
gonna do neural networks or anything in artificial intelligence.
The method that we're going to use to train our regression model is the fit method and how do we call
such a method.
Well first we have to take the object itself regress her and then add a dot and then add the method
itself which is fit and add some parentheses.
So as a reminder of the fit method here is a method of the linear regression class.
And I remind also that a class indeed has a couple of not only instructions but also tools and these
tools are called the methods and these tools complete some actions like training a model on the certain
training set or predicting some future results.
You know on the test set.
So that's a first method and you'll see that then we'll use another method.
All right.
So basically this fit method will train this regression model the simple in a regression model on the
training set and now as you might guess the only thing that's missing here and that we have to enter
in the FIT method is of course the training set itself.
However we have to enter it in a certain way because the fit method expects a certain format of the
training set and this format is of course you know the couple of X train and Y train right.
I reminded X train contains the features you know the independent vocals of the training set and why
train contains the dependent variable vector of the train set as well and the fit method here expect
exactly the train set in this format with first the matrix of features X train and second the dependent
variable vector x train and Y train just like that.
All right.
So now what I suggest is that we run all the cells because we haven't run any cell so far.
So we're going to do it because indeed when we're going to run the cells something will happen in the
output so let's see.
First we have to import the libraries where we import none by Metro element benders then we import into
the data set.
Make sure to have it uploaded in collab.
Then step 3 we were going to split the data set into a train set and the test set.
So there we go.
Now we have extra in excess weight train and why test.
And since we have X train and Y train well we can now train this simple in a regression model on the
training set by calling this fit method.
Taken from the regrets or object of the linear regression class here we go.
Let's play this cell and as I told you there is something in the output that's just to say that indeed
the linear regression model is created and that's the default parameters.
You don't have to worry about them but there you go.
Congratulations you actually built and trained your very first machinery model.
I'm super excited for you I remember how excited I was the first time I did this.
So there you go.
I know the feeling but be aware my friends that this is the first but definitely not the last.
Machinery model that you're going to build we're gonna build many others more complex of course.
And for any types of applications.
So you know by the end of this course you will know how to do anything in machine learning.
And that's why we really want to provide code templates for you to be efficient on how to play with
them.
Okay.
So congratulations again.
Now we're gonna proceed to the next step.
Predicting the test results and for this we're gonna use a new method.
And so now I would like you to take action.
I would like you to try to predict the test results before we do it together.
And I'm gonna give you a little hint.
Even if you can look at it online while the method that you have to use to predict new observations
is the predictive method as simple as that.
You know they chose some simple terms.
So there you go try to implement that before me.
That's your little exercise here.
And we will implement a solution together in the next sartorial.